[THEME MUSIC]
>> The end of December 2010
was the 30th anniversary
of the unidentified
aerial lights, beams,
and a triangular UFO craft
that interacted with Air Force
personnel over a 72-hour period
around NATO's then-largest air
base, RAF Bentwaters,
Woodbridge.
For the anniversary, I join
John Burroughs, Jim Penniston,
and the "Ancient Aliens"
television production crew
to return to
Woodbridge, England.
What we didn't know was that
the UK defense intelligence
analysis staff, known as DI55,
has managed a secret UFO branch
for the Ministry of Defense.
On December 7, 2000,
DI55 sent to the MOD
its three-volume,
460-page study entitled,
"Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena (or UAPs)
in the UK Air Defense
Region," close quote.
It's likely the MOD wanted
UFO changed to UAP to cut down
on FOIA requests.
Nobody knew the new
search term was now
going to be UAP instead of UFO.
The DI55 study was
highly classified,
UK-eyes-only, UK-secret, and is
truly a de facto confirmation
that UFOs are very real to UK
and US government insiders.
It was produced under a UK
Ministry of Defense project
called Condign.
That word means
suitable, especially
with reference to punishment.
For example, the prisoner has
suffered condign punishment.
So there is dry
British wit and irony
in the United Kingdom's
Ministry of Defense
conducting a secret
defense intelligence staff
investigation of UFOs and
calling it Project Condign.
The name implies that
insiders felt honorable abuse
for taking on such a mocked
and difficult subject.
Meanwhile, the MOD and
UK National Archives
collaborated in
a publicity blitz
to convince the general public
that all Ministry of Defense
UFO files were being transferred
to the UK National Archives,
while the MOD's so-called UFO
desk was being closed down.
But the BBC caught
one embarrassing fact
on March 3, 2011, after the
National Archives announced
it was releasing 8,500 pages
of UFO-related documents
about UFOs from the
Ministry of Defense.
The BBC found out that,
quote, "Intelligence papers
on the Rendlesham incident
have gone missing."
Officials found a huge gap
where defense intelligence files
should have been.
However, Bentwaters
and Rendlesham Forest
are not missing from
the Project Condign UAP
study that was first delivered
to the MOD in December 2000,
11 years before MOD Rendlesham
files went missing at the UK
National Archives.
Annex F in the UAP
study is titled,
"Non-ionizing Electromagnetic
Effects on Humans."
Non-ionizing means
electrons are not
stripped from atoms as alpha,
beta, and gamma radiations are.
Instead, the Condign study
describes complex combinations
of non-ionizing electromagnetic
radiations from UAP/UFOs
that are capable at
certain distances
and various frequencies
of damaging human tissues
and manipulating human minds.
Page F4 about UAPs is entitled,
"Potential Mental Effects
on Humans."
One of its most important
paragraph states,
"The well-reported Rendlesham
Forest Bentwaters event
is an example where
it might be postulated
that several observers
were probably
exposed to UAP radiation
for longer than normal UAP
sighting periods," close quote.
Those words, "longer than
normal UAP sighting periods,"
implies that the
UK'S DI55 has learned
enough about various UAP/UFO
non-ionizing radiations
to at least have a
baseline on the time
of average human exposures
to such radiations.
What UAP radiation
can do is described
in the next paragraph 14.
"An important fact is
that the reported effect
of presumed UAP
radiation on humans
is that it is quick-acting and
remembered, although curiously.
Following the UAP event,
there is little or no recall
of events as a continuum.
In short, the
witness often reports
an apparent gaps or
lost time, often not
accounting for up
to several hours.
It is described as though
the exposure causes
a temporary memory erasure."
The next paragraph 15 states,
"It is concluded, therefore,
that if some UAPs, as is
believed and correlated
by actual reports, like
collateral effects on car
electrical equipment, and
they produce EM radiation,
then there is a high probability
that the UAP radiation can
affect the human brain."
The Condign study does
not give specific details
about exactly which
non-ionizing frequencies emitted
from UAP/UFOs can
manipulate human minds.
That's probably
highly classified.
But UFO investigators are very
familiar with screen memories
in the human abduction syndrome,
when an alien being appears
to be an owl or a deer
or even a close relative.
But it is a report that
confirms that UAP non-ionizing
frequencies can injure
human hearts and eyes
and produce telepathic
images, such as symbols
and binary code, and
cause memory erasure.
But page F7 of Annex F lists
different UAP or UFO diameters,
ranging from 1/2 meter
to 20 meters, or 66 feet.
And this is talking about
some kind of hard craft.
The DI55 study, quote, "assumes
that UAP is a radiation plasma
or charged mass source with
effective aperture shown."
These are the words
in the report.
And that means the
diameter of these UAPs.
"However, this should
not be confused"--
and this is from
Project Condign.
"This should not be confused
with the large triangles,
rectangles, and other large
shapes reported," close quote.
So right here in
this study, UAPs
are further defined
as something that
comes in various
large shapes, seen
in the Earth's atmosphere,
that are not shaped
like terrestrial aircraft.
Certain frequencies of
non-ionizing radiation,
which essentially are
radio-frequency electromagnetic
energies, from radio
waves to microwaves
to infrared to visible
light, include terahertz,
the red underlying
frequencies between extremely
high frequency microwaves
and far to near infrared.
Those terahertz
frequencies have now
been linked to the heart
tissue damage of John Burrows
at RAF Bentwaters,
Woodbridge, in December 1980.
So terahertz emitted from
extraterrestrial UFO craft
might be why there
have been reports
over the decades about ETs
warning human abductees
or contactees not to
approach a UFO craft too
closely until the
craft has landed
and shut down its
propulsion system.
I'm going to share more about
John Burroughs and that context
in a few minutes.
In this important
Project Condign,
the appendix A5 lists
exotic technologies.
There, exotic
solutions are described
as "force beyond human
understanding and contrary
to the laws of physics as we
understand them," close quote.
Another section is entitled,
"UAPs as Propelled Vehicles."
There, the DI55 study dismisses
a lot of UAP reports as natural
phenomena, but then it discusses
the residual percentage of UAP
reports that cannot
be explained.
One of the extreme postulations
is that these residual UAPs
are, in fact, genuine
constructed air vehicles which
use potential scientific and
engineering principles which
are beyond currently
applied knowledge.
Thus, they must have some
sort of propulsion systems
which would provide
the extraordinary range
of velocities and
accelerations and presumably
both endo- and
exo-atmospheric capabilities.
That's Project Condign words.
And it means they
can move in and out
of the Earth's atmosphere.
And that methods of
propulsion may, in fact,
be possible that are beyond
our current understanding
in the UK.
The DI55 report then
goes through a list
of various exotic
propulsions that
might be used by
observed UAPs such as
anti-matter, anti-proton
propulsion, electric propulsion
technologies, including
arc jets, stationary plasma
thrust, ion thrusters,
field emission
propulsion, projected energy,
torsion, gravity, and laser
fields that might apply to
remote sensing, geovision
and geoscan and
modeling planets,
the sun and other space objects.
There is also laser propulsion
and microwave propulsion.
In paragraph 31 about
propulsion options,
DI55 contemplates whether the
UAP propulsion systems could
be duplicated with terrestrial
technology and concludes,
quote, "Propulsion mode is
the key factor in considering
whether it would be
possible to construct
a vehicle with
reported UAP attributes
and potentially with an
extraterrestrial capability,
using existing Earth
technology or be
possible to conceive such a
craft, which can move with zero
or near-zero sound,
meaning silent,
and change the direction of
movement almost instantly,"
close quote.
So the UK's Ministry
of Defense has
been trying to understand how
UAP/UFOs work without sound
at extremely high speeds,
jumping point to point
and making 90-degree turns.
That makes this entire
460-page UAP study
a confirmation that UAPs,
UFOs are real and physically
affect Earth life.
That means UAPs UFOs are of
great defense significance.
That is why this 2000 Project
Condign study by the MOD's DI55
is a smoking gun that
confirms government knowledge
of UAPs/UFOs as very
advanced technologies that
emit non-ionizing radiation
that can injure human bodies
and manipulate human minds.
When we were in England
working on the "Ancient Aliens"
production, none of us knew
about the Project Condign DI55
report that links non-ionizing
radiation from Unidentified
Aerial Phenomena to
injury of human tissues
and manipulation of
human brains and minds.
We all returned to the United
States on New Year's 2011.
And a month later in February,
John Burroughs became very ill.
He was diagnosed with
congestive heart failure
and atrial fibrillation.
His lungs were
filling up with water
because his heart
was not pumping right
and would get out of rhythm.
When John went to the Phoenix
VA for medical disability help,
to his dismay and
shock the VA told
him there were no military
records of John being in the US
Air Force at RAF Bentwaters,
Woodbridge, between 1979
and 1982.
So John sought the help of
Arizona US Senator Jon Kyl.
John was able to provide his own
personal military file records
that he had definitely
been an Airman First
Class at the big NATO base
in England from 1979 to 1982.
The next shocking
information came in a letter
from Senator Kyl's office,
in which the VA said
John's medical records have
been withheld because John's Air
Force medical records
were classified.
Senator Kyl, Retired, and
US Senator John McCain
picked up John Borough's
fight with the VA,
and his office was able to get
John's DD 214 official military
record corrected to show that
he was, in fact, on US Air Force
duty at RAF Bentwaters,
Woodbridge, England,
from 1979 to 1982.
By then, John
Burroughs was so ill
with persistent
atrial fibrillation,
but various medical
tests could not
find any evidence
of heart disease,
such as clogged arteries.
John's heart condition
worsened to life-threatening
by the fall of 2013, while
Arizona VA cardiologists
remained very puzzled about why.
That's when John first received
some pages from the UK Condign
report about Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena from a retired MOD
staffer, and the information
about terahertz frequencies
emitted from refers that can
damage human tissues, including
hearts, and manipulate
human minds.
So next came help from a
longtime medical consultant
to the Central
Intelligence Agency.
He knew about UFO impacts
on human minds and bodies
and that the likelihood was
the mitral valve leaflets
in John's heart were damaged.
That CIA doctor ended up sharing
his confidential knowledge
with John's civilian doctors.
When John had open heart
surgery on December 18, 2013,
the surgeons found that
the posterior leaflet
in the mitral valve was
shredded and the interior
was torn and disintegrating.
One doctor told John,
quote, "If you did not
have that surgery
then, you would
have dropped dead two or three
days later," close quote.
Finally in January 2015,
the Veterans Administration
finally and officially granted
retired US Air Force Tech
Sergeant John Burroughs
for medical disability
for injuries in the
line of duty when
John was exposed to
non-ionizing radiation at close
range twice from
unidentified lights
and beams in Rendlesham Forest
December 26 and December 28,
1980.
That is when John's attorneys
send out a press release
to the world headlined,
quote, "US government's
de facto acknowledgment
of the existence of UFOs,"
close quote.
I interviewed both John and
his attorney Pat Frascogna
in February for a two-part Earth
Files report and several radio
broadcasts and other
programs about the VA and MOD
breakthroughs.
By March 8, I also did an Earth
Files news segment on YouTube.
And in all those broadcasts,
I stressed that, to this day,
John Burroughs' 1979 to 1982
medical records from his US Air
Force assignment at RAF
Bentwaters, Woodbridge,
are still withheld by
the VA as classified.
There was a lot of buzz about
that news on the internet.
By the evening of
March 13, 2015,
this reply header showed up
in the Above Top Secret thread
under a discussion
topic listed as, quote,
"US Department of Defense has
confirmed the UFO phenomena is
real," close quote.
That's what they led with.
The thread discussion
centered around the question,
why would John Burroughs'
medical records from RAF
Bentwaters, Woodbridge, be
classified, and was that legal?
The name on the thread
header is Kit Green.
More formally, Kit Green is
Christopher Kit Green, MD.
Back in 1982, Dr. Green was
on a list called The Aviary.
This was a list of bird names
unofficially put together
by UFO investigators William
Moore and Jaime Shandera
as code names for a few
anonymous whistleblowers
and UFO researchers.
Some on the list were
professional investigators,
such as astronomer and
author Jacques Valais.
Others were from
counter-intelligence
trying to maintain the old
World War II policy of denial
about extraterrestrial
technologies
and biological entities
interacting with Earth, past
and present.
Dr. Kitt Green was on
that list as Blue Jay.
He admits he worked for the
Central Intelligence Agency
on remote-viewing
research and later became
chief of biomedical
sciences at General Motors.
More recently, Dr.
Green has worked
as assistant dean, Asia
Pacific, in the Wayne State
School of Medicine
and as Professor
of diagnostic radiology
and psychiatry
in the Detroit Medical Center.
Here is Dr. Green's entire and
extraordinary March 13, 2015,
statement.
"I am Christopher Kit
Green, MD, PhD, FAAFS,"
which stands for Fellow American
Academy of Forensic Sciences.
"This is a reply to
the entire thread
and will only address
two issues that
are common throughout many
comments on this thread.
They are question number one--
how can it be true that medical
records such as John Burroughs'
could have been classified?
Is this true?
Is it sensible?
What are the reasons?
And question number two--
what caused his injuries
and several other present
over the encounter
with the odd air
form that emitted the broadband,
non-ionizing electromagnetic
radiation?
It is true.
John Burroughs' records,
about 1,000 pages,
and to this day still many
hundreds were, in fact,
legally classified.
In my 46-year career as a
medical officer and a physician
with CIA, including
as staff officer,
chief of medical intelligence,
life sciences division,
and assistant national
intelligence officer
for science and technology, I
had, until a year or so ago,
only seen a handful of truly
classified medical records--
those of Adolf Hitler,
John Kennedy's autopsy,
and recently, John Burroughs.
I was able to quickly
determine that the reasons were
quite simple.
Medical records are
not usually digital,
and they are easily sequestered
in multiple locations
and almost impossible to find.
These of John's were and
remain, except for recent years,
in hard copy, scanned and
separated from FOIA access
and even from my access.
Thank God that a couple of
senators, John McCain and Jon
Kyl from Arizona,
had the guts to push
and push to disentangle
that which was legitimately
classified from
those records that
were needed to make the
right decision about injuries
sustained while on active duty--
period.
It is/was true.
It is sensible.
It is not entirely the stuff to
make us physicians very proud.
Very, very few physicians even
care about this arcane area
of research and fewer
know about the injuries
sustained by near-field,
about 100 meters, to humans.
That's 328 feet.
That's about the length
of a football field.
The data is sparse.
It is not properly
peer-reviewed.
It is not understood.
It is not the subject
of current research.
And that is the truth.
The decision that was made
to grant medical disability
to John was just.
Even though the MOD had made a
large, public show back in 2011
that it had released
all of its UFO/UPA files
to UK'S National Archives,
the MOD clearly had not.
Not long after the surgery
that saved John's life,
he began filing Freedom of
Information Act inquiries
to the Ministry of Defense
about Project Condign.
That's when a series
of MOD replies
through 2014 led to the MOD's
finally admitting by September
of 2014 that it has withheld
18 UFO-related files,
including six policy
files not stated
as specific to RAF Bentwaters,
Woodbridge, of 1980.
But finally, a
Ministry of Defense
admission that all of
their publicity in earlier
years about transferring all
MOD UFO files to the UK National
Archive was as phony as
telling the BBC that, quote,
"Intelligence papers on
the Rendlesham incident
have gone missing," close quote.
Ward Black of Brentwood in
England's parliament in March
2015 and a few
times since then has
asked the Ministry of
Defense to release the 18 MOD
files about Unexplained
Flying Objects.
But strangely, in an
unprecedented action
in English history, in
June 2016 the MOD finally
but completely secretly
transferred the 18 files
to the UK National
Archive, only to take them
all back to the MOD in August
2016 without explanation.
At the beginning
of January 2015,
John Burroughs finally received
full medical disability
from the Veterans
Administration for injuries
in the line of
duty after exposure
to non-ionizing radiation
at close range in Rendlesham
Forest.
His attorney was proud to
issue that press release that
was headlined, "US government's
de facto acknowledgment
of the existence of
UFOs," in acknowledging
that John's injury was in the
line of duty after exposure
to UFO's emitting
terahertz frequencies.
In addition to the
physical and mental impacts
that the terahertz
frequencies of the phenomenon
had on John Burroughs and
others, only a few weeks ago
on April 16, 2016, the UK'S
"Mirror" headline, quote,
"Radar operators say UFO
traveled 120 miles in eight
seconds in Britain's
famed close encounter,"
close quote, referring to the
Rendlesham Forest incident
of December 26 to 28, 1980.
That information came from two
former radar operators, Ike
Barker and Jim Carey, who
were on duty in an air traffic
control tower.
The two men, now retired
from US Air Force radar work,
were interviewed for
a new documentary film
by UFO investigator
Robert Hastings entitled
"UFOs and Nukes, the
Secret Link Revealed."
Some observers back
in December 1980
thought lights and/or beams
went down into the weapons
storage areas containing
tactical nuclear weapons.
There have been rumors that some
of the nuclear weapons at RAF
Bentwaters, Woodbridge,
were tampered
with by the Unidentified
Aerial Phenomena.
Ike Barker says the
anomalous radar target
crossed their screens at the
astounding speed of 120 miles
in eight seconds.
That is 54,000 miles an hour.
That is about 70 times
the speed of sound
and definitely not
human technology.
Barker said, quote, "It
wasn't like any radar
target I've ever seen.
It was traveling at an
extremely high rate of speed.
It passed over the control
tower, and then it stopped.
There were lights
around the center,
but not like navigation lights.
It was more like portholes, as
if you were seeing the lights
from the inside coming out.
It hovered momentarily,
then reversed its course
and went back out at
a high rate of speed."
The intensities of
unknown frequencies fields
and radiations that people
in Rendlesham Forest
were exposed to between
December 26 and 28, 1980,
became even a more
dramatic question
when talking with the woman
retired from the Woodbridge
Elementary School that I have
referenced in another "Truth
Hunter."
And here is a second
excerpt from her
in our interview on
December 29, 2010,
an interview in
Woodbridge, England.
>> So it was on Monday.
And when I got to the school,
the workmen were there.
And they were saying that
the house that had been there
wasn't there anymore.
And I said, what do you mean
that house isn't there anymore?
And they said the
house was gone.
That's how we knew
that there was a house.
Now, I didn't ask
Colonel Halt if he
had to sign the statement.
But I think the reason being
that it was the two of us
is because we were civilians.
>> Maybe in 1980 it was so
incomprehensible to say there
was a house and people and
everything was here and then it
wasn't here.
>> Well, some of them, as I
understand it from my workmen,
though, they went to the police.
And they wanted to know
what happened to the house.
>> The woman said the house
that disappeared was, quote,
"right across from the
east gate," close quote.
From her Woodbridge home,
she would have driven down
this road, turned right onto
this back road to the east gate
as a shortcut from town
to the elementary school
near the airbase.
This is a currently
available Google map,
where I marked the east gate
with a straight, yellow line
and marked the Foley house
with a yellow circle.
Along the road to
the east gate, there
are two patches of
trees and bushes
that might once have grown
around a house or building.
Nearby, there is
also a rectangle
that might have
been the foundation
of a structure there.
I have tried calling the woman
again, but there is no answer.
She might not be alive now.
John Burroughs, I, and a
Woodbridge, England, friend
have also tried to find a 1980
or 1979 aerial map or ordinance
map that would show
the east gate to see
if another house was
nearby in addition
to the longstanding Foley house.
But it is as if someone scrubbed
clean not only internet maps,
but our Woodbridge friend
was told by the local Suffolk
County records office that
all maps and ordinance
surveys for 1980 are
missing there as well.
The suspicion is the
government took them.
The idea that a house would
disappear after strange lights,
beams, and a UFO were
in the nearby forest?
Probably a lot of
you are thinking,
as I did, about the Philadelphia
Experiment that allegedly
took place October 28, 1943.
But other people
since 1943 have also
alleged that the whole ship
popped in and out of our space
time between Norfolk, Virginia,
and the Philadelphia Naval
shipyard.
So there is a possibility
of space time manipulation
in Rendlesham
Forest as well that
would have caused the
disappearance of that house.
John and Jim each told me
that on December 26, 1980,
when they were trying to follow
the lights through the trees--
and this was a quote--
"time seem to slow down."
Both felt like they were
moving in slow motion
and remembered
their skin tingled,
and the hair on their
heads and their necks
rose like they were in a
strong electrostatic field.
It was Jim Penniston who
remembered the intense flare
of white light, seeing a
small, black, glassy triangular
craft on the forest floor
right after the blinding, white
light.
Sergeant Penniston did
not know where John was,
but he walked around the
craft dragging his fingers
over its smooth,
glassy surface that
felt warmer than the
cold, humid winter air.
When he got to the front right
side of the triangle vertex,
there were symbols that
were raised like braille,
Penniston said.
As his fingers traced along
the tops of the symbols,
his mind was filled with
0s and 1s, binary code,
and telepathic thoughts
about the source
of the black triangle.
And he thought that
what came into his mind
was human time travelers from
40,000 years in the future,
that their mission was to
harvest genetic material
from an Earth timeline
so that it could
be used as band-aids to
keep the civilization
alive in a far future that
faces survival problems.
Physicist and astrobiologist
Paul Davies at Arizona State
University is author of "How
to Build a Time Machine"
and another book,
"The Eerie Silence,
Renewing Our Search for
Alien Intelligence."
In "Eerie Silence" on page 121,
Professor Davies wrote, quote,
"Our best understanding
of the nature of time
comes from Einstein's
general theory of relativity,
which does seem to permit
journeys, both forward
and backward in time.
All you need to do to
reach the future sooner
is to move as fast as possible.
For example, at 99% of the speed
of light, if you set off now,
you could reach Earth year
2100 in less than 13 years.
Getting back from the future
is a much tougher challenge.
Although not strictly
forbidden by the general theory
of relativity, journeying
backwards in time
involves exotic
super technology,
such as hypothetical wormholes
in space, that have an exit
and entrance," close quote.
But so far, as we are
moving toward the middle
of the 21st century, even
CERN's Large Hadron Collider
has not turned up
a single wormhole.
I have reported
about the concept
of extraterrestrial
self-activated technology,
like this photograph, that
uses self-activating software.
What if the Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena in Rendlesham Forest
so many years ago was an
unmanned time-traveling drone
on an emergency survival
mission for its civilization?
What if time travel involves
moving in and out of wormholes
like point-to-point
energy bursts
that we see as blinding
flashes of white light
and might cause matter
to appear or disappear?
There is a paradox
in Penniston's recall
of the telepathic transmission
from the glowing craft.
The implication is that the time
travelers are human descendants
from a place 40,000
years in the future,
where humanity is dying out.
Time machine craft are
sent back through time
to harvest genetic material
from our present Earth life
in order to help a future
civilization survive.
The explanation given for
traveling thousands of years
into the past was to avoid
affecting the time travelers'
own future timeline in some
dangerous, uncontrollable way.
But moving backwards in time
to a distant past to survive
is changing the future.
Perhaps the paradox is
a translation problem
in which we humans lack the
language and understanding
of a different cosmology than
we have discovered so far.
Fans of Star Trek and Star
Wars and other science fiction
are accustomed to plots that
include allies or enemies
that use time travel for
transportation, to fight wars,
to change destinies, and
to even gain immortality.
Whether the different
lights, beams, craft,
and symbols in
Rendlesham Forest belong
to time travelers or
extraterrestrial biological
entities from inside this
universe or non-human entities
from parallel universes
or other dimensions,
why is the truth suppressed?
Why can't governments
tell their citizens
that humans are not
alone in this universe?
What facts about other
intelligences interacting
with Earth do
government insiders
know and consider so
dangerous that they
hide those facts for decades
under a policy of denial
in the interest of
national security,
even keeping John Burroughs'
medical records from Bentwaters
classified from him
and everyone else
when his heart was failing?
If national security is
built on lies and deceptions,
it is no one's security.
It is social
imprisonment by illusion.
The 1980 high strangeness
in Rendlesham Forest
has never rested easily
in the minds of those
who were actually there.
Perhaps like human time-release
capsules, John Burroughs,
Jim Penniston, Adrian
Bustinza, Colonel Halt,
and all of the others
have embedded within them
pieces of truth about an
incomprehensible future,
or pieces of lies that keep
humans corralled by illusions.
Either way, whatever penetrated
the Rendlesham Forest
in December 1980 is still
reverberating years later with
so much power that John
Burroughs cannot forget
the haunting, telepathic
lights and the question,
what is their source?
What if the key to the
Rendlesham Forest mystery
is a tangle of past, present,
and future timelines,
like a knot?
If the knot is untied by
advanced technologies,
what happens to past,
present, and future?
What else disappears or
appears out of nowhere?
Are we unconsciously in
the ultimate paradox?
We are they.
They are us.
Life on Earth is
not guaranteed, but
the mysterious, telepathic
lights and their makers
are using us to help them
survive by coming back
into time to the 20th
and 21st centuries,
the last time genetic material
on Earth was worth harvesting.
If all humans became
conscious of other life
in the universe and the
unexpected revelation
that time manipulation is used
in cosmic survival efforts,
would our understanding change
the future for them and for us
to survival, or at
least buy more time
in this universe of entropy,
where life is never guaranteed?
Whatever revelations
come next, I
think we are in the century
in which the whole Earth will
learn that we are not the only
life in this vast universe
and that other intelligences
are interacting now,
as they have in the
past with this planet.
This is Linda Moulton Howe.
Please stay tuned
to my "Truth Hunter"
series on Gaia for more
surprises about our universe,
the solar system, and
the planet we live on.
[THEME MUSIC]